My blog post 2025 (#8176)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/authors/chiruu12.adoc

---
name: "Chirag Gupta"
github: chiruu12
linkedin: chiruu12
---
Chirag is a final-year student at BITS Pilani – Goa Campus, pursuing a dual major in Mathematics and Electronics & Instrumentation. He views AI and NLP not just as fields of study, but as his personal kitchen for innovation. He treats data like ingredients and algorithms like recipes, constantly experimenting to create impactful solutions.

> This passion led him to be selected as a Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2025 contributor for Jenkins, where he is working on the link:/projects/gsoc/2025/project-ideas/domain-specific-llm-for-jenkins/[Domain-specific LLM for Jenkins failure diagnosis] project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This passion led him to be selected as a Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2025 contributor for Jenkins, where he is working on the link:/projects/gsoc/2025/project-ideas/domain-specific-llm-for-jenkins/[Domain-specific LLM based on actual Jenkins usage using ci.jenkins.io data] project.
```

Reviewer: Why are you changing the project title @chiruu12?
